feat: allow JavaScript numbers in css template literal (#626)
Polymer/lit-element: CHANGELOG.md

   PRs should document their user-visible changes (if any) in the
   Unreleased section, uncommenting the header as necessary.
-->
### Added

> * css tagged template literal now allows for JavaScript numbers but not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* css tagged template literals now allow numbers (but not Infinity or NaN) to be used in expressions
```
